SELECTION OF TARGETS - PHOTOMETRY

Here you can select the star you are studying - the target - as well as the comparison stars - comparison 1, 2, 3 etc. .

To see your field of view, press the "Show FOV" button. for your convenience in locating your target you can use the "Flip FOV" and "Mirror FOV" to rotate your field of view. You can also use the zoom-in/zoom-out button located at the bottom left of the field of view window. Zooming in makes it easier to select stars.

To select a star (the target for example) you must first select it from the list in the "Photometry" window and then double-click on the star in the field of view.

If you want to replace the star, double-click on another star. If you want to delete your selection, double-click in the white area surrounding the frame (but always in the window).

Next to the star's position there is a box in which you enter the aperture bos semi-length, - aperture is the area around the star from which the total light will be calculated.

HOW TO SELECT COMPARISONS NOTE 1:

    - Your comparison stars should have similar magnitude and be close to the target star.

    - Use at least 2 comparisons the first time, in order to validate that they are not variables.

To calculate the light curves, press the button "RUN PHOTOMETRY".

When the photometric calculation process is finished (usually takes a few seconds), the light curves of your target and your comparison stars will be shown in a new window. The red dots indicate the PSF photometry and the black ones the aperture photometry.

Again, with the magnifying glass icon at the bottom left of the window, you can zoom in to the light curves to get a first idea.

Once you are happy with the final light curves you can either exit or (if you are observing exoplanet transits) press "PROCEED TO FITTING".

HOW TO SELECT COMPARISONS NOTE 2:

    - Check the light curves of the comparison stars to validate that they are not variables.

    - The scatter of the comparison light curves should be close to the scatter of the target star
      (this means that they have similar magnitudes)

    - The comparison light curves should be as flat as possible. If you notice a curved one, this is  an indication that the compparison star is of different colour. Try another one!

